update oauth2-proxy readme (#2930)
kubeflow/manifests: common/oauth2-proxy/README.md

    # there are pros and cons to each value:
    #  - true: the original token is forwarded to the destination service
    #          which raises the risk of the token leaking
    #  - false: the original token is stripped from the request
    #           which will prevent the destination service from
    #           verifying the token (possibly with its own RequestAuthentication)
    forwardOriginalToken: true

    # This will unpack the JWTs issued by Dex or other IDPs into the expected headers.
    # It is applied to BOTH the m2m tokens from outside the cluster (which skip
    # oauth2-proxy because they already have a dex JWT), AND user requests which were
    # authenticated by oauth2-proxy (which injected a dex JWT).
    outputClaimToHeaders:
    - header: kubeflow-userid
      claim: email
    - header: kubeflow-groups
      claim: groups

    # We explicitly set `fromHeaders` to ensure that the JWT is only extracted from the `Authorization` header.
    # This is because we exclude requests that have an `Authorization` header from oauth2-proxy.
    fromHeaders:
    - name: Authorization
      prefix: "Bearer "
```

> You can also add more RequestAuthentication to support other issuers as for eyample for M2M acces from github actions as explained in the root level Readme.md.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add more RequestAuthentication to support other issuers as for example for M2M access from github actions as explained in the root level Readme.md.
```

> This feature is useful when you need to integrate Kubeflow with you current CI/CD platform (GitHub Actions, Jenkins) via machine-to-machine authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is useful when you need to integrate Kubeflow with your current CI/CD platform (GitHub Actions, Jenkins) via machine-to-machine authentication.
```
